# org.openapitools.server - Kotlin Server library for Organisation Services

#### 'A Welcome mat'
In this project I tried to play around with Ktor Server framework to create a simple REST microservices.
In these sample I've made services for a simple organisation site. These backend services provides HTTP endpoint that will be called by the frontend providing the data that needs to be shown.

Generated by OpenAPI Generator 4.0.0-SNAPSHOT.

## Requires

* Kotlin 1.3.31
* Gradle 5.4.1

## Build

First, create the gradle wrapper script:

```
gradle wrapper
```

Then, run:

```
./gradlew check assemble
```

This runs all tests and packages the library.

## Running

The server builds as a fat jar with a main entrypoint. To start the service, run `java -jar ./build/libs/kotlin-server.jar`.

You may also run in docker:

```
docker build -t kotlin-server .
docker run -p 8080:8080 kotlin-server
```

## Features/Implementation Notes

* Supports JSON inputs/outputs, File inputs, and Form inputs (see ktor documentation for more info).
* Some Kotlin and Java types are fully qualified to avoid conflicts with types defined in OpenAPI definitions.

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://petstore.swagger.io/v2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*EmployeeApi* | [**getMemberInfo**](docs/EmployeeApi.md#getmemberinfo) | **GET** /employee/{employeeID} | get the details of the given employee
*OrganigramApi* | [**getBranchInfo**](docs/OrganigramApi.md#getbranchinfo) | **GET** /organisation/{branchID} | get the details of the given branch
*OrganigramApi* | [**getDepartmentInfo**](docs/OrganigramApi.md#getdepartmentinfo) | **GET** /organisation/{branchID}/department/{departmentID} | get the details of the given department

#### Going above and beyond
Further improvements for the future:

<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [org.openapitools.server.dao.ApiResponse](docs/ApiResponse.md)
 - [org.openapitools.server.dao.Branch](docs/Branch.md)
 - [org.openapitools.server.dao.Department](docs/Department.md)
 - [org.openapitools.server.dao.Employee](docs/Employee.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

<a name="api_key"></a>
### api_key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-API-KEY
- **Location**: HTTP header

